Modelforms vs Manual Form Handling - 2016-03-22
-----------------------------------------------
For the past few semesters we have been using a mixture of Modelforms and separate form fields with some extra glue in the view when we needed to further customize the appearance of a field.  For example, in Job creation all the attributes (`deliverable`, `description`, `budget`, etc.) are handled by a Modelform with the exception of `organization`, which is a OneToMany relation.  Normally, django will render this field as a `<select>` element with all organizations in the database listed.  Since we needed to organizations to be searchable and have categories, this default didn't work for us, so we wrote a custom form from scratch which provided these things.  

This introduces several new problems when saving and recalling `organization` from the database.  First, we are no longer making use of django's built in mechanisms for prepopulating form data.  We have to pass `organization` as a list of organization names, then use Javascript to select these items in the form field after page load.  Second, we have to handle all the logic that comes with creating and deleting these OneToMany relation.  This wasn't such a huge deal in `job_creation`, where the only possible action is creating new relations. However, when I began writing the `job_edit` page, I realized I would have to compare what was submitted in the form with what was in the database, add the new relations, delete missing ones, and take no action on relations that were already there.
